Hello this is Rajat Maheshwari
And I will be using this video as a tutorial
on how to use the Subplayer task
that had been assigned to me
First things first I had prepared a Sample Video
Which I will go through now
So as you can see the video already had English Captions
that I had put in, so we'd have a basis
To Import this video
and according to my assigned task
I have to import this video using a Youtube URL
which I will proceed to do now
So as you can see, on the left hand side
English Subtitles have been loaded in
On the right hand side as well
These English subtitles are for reference, these are not editable
which was one of the bonus tasks that had been assigned
and these are completely editable sentences
So what you can do here is
according to the react transliterate library
the language that you have currently selected here
will the language the words here will be converted into
so let's select Hindi here
And I'll just change a couple of sentences into Hindi, so for example
this sentence will become
So as you can see, the sentences have been turned into Hindi
I'll also convert this sentence into Hindi, for example, this will become
So as you can see the sentences have been converted into the requested subtitles
The left hand side, as you can see is still in English
And the right hand side is the transliterated subtitle in the language of your preference
So this was the task that I had implemented
I have also removed the advertisements from the right hand side
as had been requested
and this video will be the tutorial video that will show up in place of the Japanese video along with the Subtitles